So what is your name, where are you from, and what are you doing at this competition?
My name is Jeremiah Dibley and I'm here just to be a chaperone for the students
who are competing in this event and just enjoying my time in Florida looking at
all the cool scenery and being here at NASA that's pretty cool. What's it like
watching the students compete in this competition? Well they're very focused,
very driven, very talented, and so it's inspiring. I'm a teacher by trade so I
just love to see kids working and learning without being told to do so. I
mean they just want it and they're showing off their talents and their
their collaborative skills and their soft skills too so it's just cool to see
them. You said you brought some kids here right? How have you seen them grow or
change due to this competition? Yeah they're they're conquering some fears
they're just being real courageous and interacting with people from other
cultures who speak other languages who maybe are are just different from them
in every way and so it's cool to see them break out of their shell and be
confident. And how did you feel about the speaker John Bates yesterday? I thought
he did a great job of sharing some of those soft skill priorities as we work
together to solve problems whether it's space or anything else. Working with
other people and being able to communicate effectively and just keep
people's attention is just part of relationship building and you can just
see how he shared that with with the kids and helping them understand how
relationships are important in solving problems. Awesome thank you.